Update tipsy.md (#1474)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/projects/tipsy.md

Tipsy makes it easy to replenish everyone's drinks at a party.
Designed with ultrasonic sensors and cameras, Tipsy is equipped to detect the presence of obstacles and people in its surrounding area.
While avoiding the obstacles with the ultrasonic sensor distance measurements, it identifies the people using an ML model and object detection and moves towards them with ease.

> Once it reaches the person, Tipsy allows people to grab a drink without ever having to leave their spot, since Tipsy brings a bucket of ice-cold drinks within arm's reach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tipsy allows people to grab a drink without ever having to leave their spot by bringing a bucket of ice-cold drinks within arm's reach.
```

![Tipsy wiring diagram](../../img/tipsy/wiring-diagram.png)

> The Tipsy robot uses an assembled Scuttle Rover base with some modifications: Tipsy does not use the camera that came with the Scuttle Rover because the cable is not long enough to allow the camera to be attached to the top of the robot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tipsy robot uses an assembled SCUTTLE Rover base with some modifications: Tipsy does not use the camera that came with the SCUTTLE Rover because the cable is not long enough to allow the camera to be attached to the top of the robot.
```

Now that you have all your components wired, configured, and tested, you can assemble your robot.

Add four 3’ long T-slotted framing rails along the corners of the Scuttle Rover base to make it a tall structure.
Then add two 12 inches long T-slotted framing rails in the middle of the structure at the height that you want to hold the box.
Secure them using T-slotted framing structural brackets.

Next, add the wired Raspberry Pi, motor driver, and 12V battery to the base.

You can use the 3D-printed holders that come with the assembled Scuttle base for the Raspberry Pi and the motor driver.

> You can also print holders based on Scuttle begins from [grabcad](https://grabcad.com/library?page=1&time=all_time&sort=recent&query=scuttle).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also print holders based on Scuttle designs from [grabcad](https://grabcad.com/library?page=1&time=all_time&sort=recent&query=scuttle).
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also print holders based on SCUTTLE designs from [GrabCAD](https://grabcad.com/library?page=1&time=all_time&sort=recent&query=scuttle).
```
[nits]
